trash_and_recycling.md, before:

---
layout: default_with_title
title: Trash and Recycling
---

Taking care of the community is a responsibility that we all share.

## Put out Your Trash and Recycling on Tuesday

Trash and recycling day is on Tuesday. Trash and recycling should be on the curb by 6:00 a.m. on Tuesday. If that’s too early for the late sleepers on the house, we can put out the trash after 7:00 p.m. on Monday nights. Please do not put out your trash earlier than 7:00 PM on Monday. Use sturdy bags or garbage cans for trash and a recycling bin for recycling. Please do not use your recycling bin for regular household trash.

Our trash company is [Champion Services](https://www.cswaste.com/).

## Read the Garbage Grid

The [Garbage Grid](https://onedrive.live.com/embed?cid=529E6218CA92DA58&resid=529E6218CA92DA58%2122896&authkey=AMh_096ZNgqpNuc&em=2) tells you what goes in the recycling bin, what to do with furniture and large appliances, how to dispose of yard trash, and other assorted guides for special item removal.

[Champion Services](https://www.cswaste.com/) takes away our garbage. You can reach them at 703-239-8540.

## Getting a Replacement Recycling Bin

We always (well, almost always) have extras. If you would like a new recycling bin, please fill out this [online form](https://goo.gl/forms/hC3P9fvLzdyUwbZz1) and the office will provide one. You can also [call the Association office](contactus.html). 

## Holiday Schedule

Some holidays will affect trash collection. We will do our best to keep you updated about trash collection delays. Champion observes the following holidays: New Year's Day, Juneteenth, Fourth of July, Labor Day, Thanksgiving, Christmas Day. Service will resume on our next scheduled collection day.

## Bulk Pickup Service

Bulk pickup for large items like furniture is provided by Champion's partner company, [HaulShare](https://haulshare.co). To contact HaulShare, email info@haulshare.co.

Prohibited items that HaulShare will not accept include, but are not limited to, construction debris, rocks, paint, dirt, metal, medical, and hazardous waste.

Commit message:

chore: update Fence Paint Colors pdf, Garbage Grid doc update references to the above mentioned documents Add a table of Garbage information to trash_and_recycling.md

trash_and_recycling.md, after:

---
layout: default_with_title
title: Trash and Recycling
---

# Garbage Collection Reference Table

---

{% include trash_table.html data=site.data.trash_table_items %}

---

## Important Reminders

**All items are picked up on Tuesday -- please have everything out before 6:00 AM.**

**Contact Information:**
- **Trash & Recycling:** [Champion Services](https://www.cswaste.com/) (703-239-8540)
- **Bulk Items:** [HaulShare](https://haulshare.co) (703-239-8540)

Taking care of our community is a shared responsibility. If you're making a trip to dispose of items at a Fairfax County facility, consider offering on the neighborhood Facebook page to take a neighbor's paint, batteries, or other materials that need special disposal.

## Put out Your Trash and Recycling on Tuesday

Trash and recycling day is on Tuesday. Trash and recycling should be on the curb by 6:00 a.m. on Tuesday. If that’s too early for the late sleepers on the house, we can put out the trash after 7:00 p.m. on Monday nights. Please do not put out your trash earlier than 7:00 PM on Monday. Use sturdy bags or garbage cans for trash and a recycling bin for recycling. Please do not use your recycling bin for regular household trash.

Our trash company is [Champion Services](https://www.cswaste.com/).

## Read the Garbage Grid


The [Garbage Grid](/documents/Garbage%20Grid%202025.docx) is a printable reference guide that tells you what goes in the recycling bin, what to do with furniture and large appliances, how to dispose of yard trash, and other assorted guides for special item removal.

[Champion Services](https://www.cswaste.com/) takes away our garbage. You can reach them at 703-239-8540.

## Getting a Replacement Recycling Bin

We always (well, almost always) have extras. If you would like a new recycling bin, please fill out this [online form](https://goo.gl/forms/hC3P9fvLzdyUwbZz1) and the office will provide one. You can also [call the Association office](contactus.html). 

## Holiday Schedule

Some holidays will affect trash collection. We will do our best to keep you updated about trash collection delays. Champion observes the following holidays: New Year's Day, Juneteenth, Fourth of July, Labor Day, Thanksgiving, Christmas Day. Service will resume on our next scheduled collection day.

## Bulk Pickup Service

Bulk pickup for large items like furniture is provided by Champion's partner company, [HaulShare](https://haulshare.co). To contact HaulShare, email info@haulshare.co.

Prohibited items that HaulShare will not accept include, but are not limited to, construction debris, rocks, paint, dirt, metal, medical, and hazardous waste.
