_includes/announcements.md, before:

#### Trash Pickup on 7/7/2020 Delayed to 7/8/2020

Trash pickup has been delayed one day to Wednesday, 7/8/2020. The trash company will attempt to collect it today, but most likely it will be collected Wednesday morning.

#### Virginia COVID-19 Phase 2 Pool and Playground Updates

Updates on the pool and playground are included in our latest newsletter located [here](http://us11.campaign-archive.com/?u=ccb02905102f08c37b4d2ec3e&id=9045a9167a). The playgrounds have reopened, effective June 18, 2020. The pool remains closed. 

#### Board and Committee Meetings are Virtual Until Further Notice

Until further notice, monthly board meetings and committee meetings will be online via Zoom. If you wish to attend, please use the login information located in the community calendar located near the top right corner of our website. Click on the entry to view login details.

#### Rent the Community Center

Planning a birthday party or special event? The Pinewood Greens Community Center is available for rent to all Association owners. For reservations, please contact the HOA office at 703-560-8920 to discuss available dates. A signed contract and deposit are required. The contract can be located under [Forms](forms.html). The rental fee is $25/hour with a security deposit of $250.00.

#### Online Architectural Application Submissions

Applications for Architecture Committee review of exterior modifications may now be submitted online through the [resident portal](http://www.ciranet.com/ResidentPortal).

#### Community Tool Shed

The Pinewood Greens Lending Shed Program is up and running. We have tools and other equipment available to borrow at no charge. Check out our [tool lending shed page](toolshed.html) for more details.

Commit message:

Remove trash info, updated pool

_includes/announcements.md, after:

#### Virginia COVID-19 Phase 2 Pool and Playground Updates

Updates on the pool and playground are included in our latest newsletter located [here](http://us11.campaign-archive.com/?u=ccb02905102f08c37b4d2ec3e&id=9045a9167a). The playgrounds have reopened, effective June 18, 2020. The pool remains closed. The Board will review the topic again at the July 15, 2020 board meeting. 

#### Board and Committee Meetings are Virtual Until Further Notice

Until further notice, monthly board meetings and committee meetings will be online via Zoom. If you wish to attend, please use the login information located in the community calendar located near the top right corner of our website. Click on the entry to view login details.

#### Rent the Community Center

Planning a birthday party or special event? The Pinewood Greens Community Center is available for rent to all Association owners. For reservations, please contact the HOA office at 703-560-8920 to discuss available dates. A signed contract and deposit are required. The contract can be located under [Forms](forms.html). The rental fee is $25/hour with a security deposit of $250.00.

#### Online Architectural Application Submissions

Applications for Architecture Committee review of exterior modifications may now be submitted online through the [resident portal](http://www.ciranet.com/ResidentPortal).

#### Community Tool Shed

The Pinewood Greens Lending Shed Program is up and running. We have tools and other equipment available to borrow at no charge. Check out our [tool lending shed page](toolshed.html) for more details.
